README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line -->
# <img src="https://opentelemetry.io/img/logos/opentelemetry-logo-nav.png" alt="OTel logo" width="45"> OpenTelemetry Demo

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-@cncf/otel/demo-brightgreen.svg?logo=slack)](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C03B4CWV4DA)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo?color=blueviolet)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/releases)
[![Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/latest?color=ff69b4&include_prereleases)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/otel/demo)](https://hub.docker.com/r/otel/demo)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg?color=red)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Welcome to the OpenTelemetry Astronomy Shop Demo

This repository contains the OpenTelemetry Astronomy Shop, a microservice-based
distributed system intended to illustrate the implementation of OpenTelemetry in
a near real-world environment.

Our goals are threefold:

- Provide a realistic example of a distributed system that can be used to
  demonstrate OpenTelemetry instrumentation and observability.
- Build a base for vendors, tooling authors, and others to extend and
  demonstrate their OpenTelemetry integrations.
- Create a living example for OpenTelemetry contributors to use for testing new
  versions of the API, SDK, and other components or enhancements.

We've already made [huge
progress](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md),
and development is ongoing. We hope to represent the full feature set of
OpenTelemetry across its languages in the future.

If you'd like to help (**which we would love**), check out our [contributing
guidance](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you'd like to extend this demo or maintain a fork of it, read our
[fork guidance](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/forking/).

## Quick start

You can be up and running with the demo in a few minutes. Check out the docs for
your preferred deployment method:

- [Docker](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/docker_deployment/)
- [Kubernetes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/kubernetes_deployment/)

## Documentation

For detailed documentation, see [Demo Documentation][docs]. If you're curious
about a specific feature, the [docs landing page][docs] can point you in the
right direction.

## Demos featuring the Astronomy Shop

We welcome any vendor to fork the project to demonstrate their services and
adding a link below. The community is committed to maintaining the project and
keeping it up to date for you.

|                                         |                             |                                                                |
|-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| [AlibabaCloud LogService][AlibabaCloud] | [Elastic][Elastic]          | [OpenSearch][OpenSearch]                                       |
| [AppDynamics][AppDynamics]              | [Grafana Labs][GrafanaLabs] | [Sentry][Sentry]                                               |
| [Aspecto][Aspecto]                      | [Guance][Guance]            | [ServiceNow Cloud Observability][ServiceNowCloudObservability] |
| [Axiom][Axiom]                          | [Helios][Helios]            | [Splunk][Splunk]                                               |
| [Axoflow][Axoflow]                      | [Honeycomb.io][Honeycombio] | [Sumo Logic][SumoLogic]                                        |
| [Azure Data Explorer][Azure]            | [Instana][Instana]          | [TelemetryHub][TelemetryHub]                                   |
| [Coralogix][Coralogix]                  | [Kloudfuse][Kloudfuse]      | [Teletrace][Teletrace]                                         |
| [Datadog][Datadog]                      | [Logz.io][Logzio]           | [Tracetest][Tracetest]                                         |
| [Dynatrace][Dynatrace]                  | [New Relic][NewRelic]       | [Uptrace][Uptrace]                                             |

## Contributing

To get involved with the project see our [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)
documentation. Our [SIG Calls](CONTRIBUTING.md#join-a-sig-call) are every other
Monday at 8:30 AM PST and anyone is welcome.

## Project leadership

[Maintainers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#maintainer)
([@open-telemetry/demo-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/demo-maintainers)):

- [Austin Parker](https://github.com/austinlparker), Honeycomb
- [Carter Socha](https://github.com/cartersocha), Lightstep
- [Juliano Costa](https://github.com/julianocosta89), Dynatrace
- [Pierre Tessier](https://github.com/puckpuck), Honeycomb

[Approvers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#approver)
([@open-telemetry/demo-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/demo-approvers)):

- [Cedric Ziel](https://github.com/cedricziel) Grafana Labs
- [Mikko Viitanen](https://github.com/mviitane), Dynatrace
- [Penghan Wang](https://github.com/wph95), AppDynamics
- [Reiley Yang](https://github.com/reyang), Microsoft
- [Ziqi Zhao](https://github.com/fatsheep9146), Alibaba

Emeritus:

- [Michael Maxwell](https://github.com/mic-max)
- [Morgan McLean](https://github.com/mtwo)

### Thanks to all the people who have contributed

[![contributors](https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/graphs/contributors)

[docs]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/

<!-- Links for Demos featuring the Astronomy Shop section -->

[AlibabaCloud]: https://github.com/aliyun-sls/opentelemetry-demo
[AppDynamics]: https://www.appdynamics.com/blog/cloud/how-to-observe-opentelemetry-demo-app-in-appdynamics-cloud/
[Aspecto]: https://github.com/aspecto-io/opentelemetry-demo
[Axiom]: https://play.axiom.co/axiom-play-qf1k/dashboards/otel.traces.otel-demo-traces
[Axoflow]: https://axoflow.com/opentelemetry-support-in-more-detail-in-axosyslog-and-syslog-ng/
[Azure]: https://github.com/Azure/Azure-kusto-opentelemetry-demo
[Coralogix]: https://coralogix.com/blog/configure-otel-demo-send-telemetry-data-coralogix
[Datadog]: https://github.com/DataDog/opentelemetry-demo
[Dynatrace]: https://www.dynatrace.com/news/blog/opentelemetry-demo-application-with-dynatrace/
[Elastic]: https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-demo
[GrafanaLabs]: https://github.com/grafana/opentelemetry-demo
[Guance]: https://github.com/GuanceCloud/opentelemetry-demo
[Helios]: https://otelsandbox.gethelios.dev
[Honeycombio]: https://github.com/honeycombio/opentelemetry-demo
[Instana]: https://github.com/instana/opentelemetry-demo
[Kloudfuse]: https://github.com/kloudfuse/opentelemetry-demo
[Logzio]: https://logz.io/learn/how-to-run-opentelemetry-demo-with-logz-io/
[NewRelic]: https://github.com/newrelic/opentelemetry-demo
[OpenSearch]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/opentelemetry-demo
[Sentry]: https://github.com/getsentry/opentelemetry-demo
[ServiceNowCloudObservability]: https://docs.lightstep.com/otel/quick-start-operator#send-data-from-the-opentelemetry-demo
[Splunk]: https://github.com/signalfx/opentelemetry-demo
[SumoLogic]: https://www.sumologic.com/blog/common-opentelemetry-demo-application/
[TelemetryHub]: https://github.com/TelemetryHub/opentelemetry-demo/tree/telemetryhub-backend
[Teletrace]: https://github.com/teletrace/opentelemetry-demo
[Tracetest]: https://github.com/kubeshop/opentelemetry-demo
[Uptrace]: https://github.com/uptrace/uptrace/tree/master/example/opentelemetry-demo

Commit message:

Updated script to apply Splunk-specific README updates

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line -->
# <img src="https://opentelemetry.io/img/logos/opentelemetry-logo-nav.png" alt="OTel logo" width="45"> OpenTelemetry Demo

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-@cncf/otel/demo-brightgreen.svg?logo=slack)](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C03B4CWV4DA)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo?color=blueviolet)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/releases)
[![Commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/latest?color=ff69b4&include_prereleases)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/otel/demo)](https://hub.docker.com/r/otel/demo)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg?color=red)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Integration Tests](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/actions/workflows/run-integration-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/actions/workflows/run-integration-tests.yml)

## Welcome to the OpenTelemetry Astronomy Shop Demo

This repository contains the OpenTelemetry Astronomy Shop, a microservice-based
distributed system intended to illustrate the implementation of OpenTelemetry in
a near real-world environment.

Our goals are threefold:

- Provide a realistic example of a distributed system that can be used to
  demonstrate OpenTelemetry instrumentation and observability.
- Build a base for vendors, tooling authors, and others to extend and
  demonstrate their OpenTelemetry integrations.
- Create a living example for OpenTelemetry contributors to use for testing new
  versions of the API, SDK, and other components or enhancements.

We've already made [huge
progress](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md),
and development is ongoing. We hope to represent the full feature set of
OpenTelemetry across its languages in the future.

If you'd like to help (**which we would love**), check out our [contributing
guidance](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you'd like to extend this demo or maintain a fork of it, read our
[fork guidance](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/forking/).

## Splunk customizations 

A number of customizations have been made to use the demo application with Splunk Observability Cloud, which can be found in the [/splunk](./splunk) folder.  See [this document](./splunk/README.md) for details. 

## Quick start

You can be up and running with the demo in a few minutes. Check out the docs for
your preferred deployment method:

- [Docker](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/docker_deployment/)
- [Kubernetes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/kubernetes_deployment/)

## Documentation

For detailed documentation, see [Demo Documentation][docs]. If you're curious
about a specific feature, the [docs landing page][docs] can point you in the
right direction.

## Demos featuring the Astronomy Shop

We welcome any vendor to fork the project to demonstrate their services and
adding a link below. The community is committed to maintaining the project and
keeping it up to date for you.

|                                         |                             |                                                                |
|-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| [AlibabaCloud LogService][AlibabaCloud] | [Elastic][Elastic]          | [OpenSearch][OpenSearch]                                       |
| [AppDynamics][AppDynamics]              | [Grafana Labs][GrafanaLabs] | [Sentry][Sentry]                                               |
| [Aspecto][Aspecto]                      | [Guance][Guance]            | [ServiceNow Cloud Observability][ServiceNowCloudObservability] |
| [Axiom][Axiom]                          | [Helios][Helios]            | [Splunk][Splunk]                                               |
| [Axoflow][Axoflow]                      | [Honeycomb.io][Honeycombio] | [Sumo Logic][SumoLogic]                                        |
| [Azure Data Explorer][Azure]            | [Instana][Instana]          | [TelemetryHub][TelemetryHub]                                   |
| [Coralogix][Coralogix]                  | [Kloudfuse][Kloudfuse]      | [Teletrace][Teletrace]                                         |
| [Datadog][Datadog]                      | [Logz.io][Logzio]           | [Tracetest][Tracetest]                                         |
| [Dynatrace][Dynatrace]                  | [New Relic][NewRelic]       | [Uptrace][Uptrace]                                             |

## Contributing

To get involved with the project see our [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)
documentation. Our [SIG Calls](CONTRIBUTING.md#join-a-sig-call) are every other
Monday at 8:30 AM PST and anyone is welcome.

## Project leadership

[Maintainers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#maintainer)
([@open-telemetry/demo-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/demo-maintainers)):

- [Austin Parker](https://github.com/austinlparker), Honeycomb
- [Carter Socha](https://github.com/cartersocha), Lightstep
- [Juliano Costa](https://github.com/julianocosta89), Dynatrace
- [Pierre Tessier](https://github.com/puckpuck), Honeycomb

[Approvers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#approver)
([@open-telemetry/demo-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/demo-approvers)):

- [Cedric Ziel](https://github.com/cedricziel) Grafana Labs
- [Mikko Viitanen](https://github.com/mviitane), Dynatrace
- [Penghan Wang](https://github.com/wph95), AppDynamics
- [Reiley Yang](https://github.com/reyang), Microsoft
- [Ziqi Zhao](https://github.com/fatsheep9146), Alibaba

Emeritus:

- [Michael Maxwell](https://github.com/mic-max)
- [Morgan McLean](https://github.com/mtwo)

### Thanks to all the people who have contributed

[![contributors](https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/graphs/contributors)

[docs]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/demo/

<!-- Links for Demos featuring the Astronomy Shop section -->

[AlibabaCloud]: https://github.com/aliyun-sls/opentelemetry-demo
[AppDynamics]: https://www.appdynamics.com/blog/cloud/how-to-observe-opentelemetry-demo-app-in-appdynamics-cloud/
[Aspecto]: https://github.com/aspecto-io/opentelemetry-demo
[Axiom]: https://play.axiom.co/axiom-play-qf1k/dashboards/otel.traces.otel-demo-traces
[Axoflow]: https://axoflow.com/opentelemetry-support-in-more-detail-in-axosyslog-and-syslog-ng/
[Azure]: https://github.com/Azure/Azure-kusto-opentelemetry-demo
[Coralogix]: https://coralogix.com/blog/configure-otel-demo-send-telemetry-data-coralogix
[Datadog]: https://github.com/DataDog/opentelemetry-demo
[Dynatrace]: https://www.dynatrace.com/news/blog/opentelemetry-demo-application-with-dynatrace/
[Elastic]: https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-demo
[GrafanaLabs]: https://github.com/grafana/opentelemetry-demo
[Guance]: https://github.com/GuanceCloud/opentelemetry-demo
[Helios]: https://otelsandbox.gethelios.dev
[Honeycombio]: https://github.com/honeycombio/opentelemetry-demo
[Instana]: https://github.com/instana/opentelemetry-demo
[Kloudfuse]: https://github.com/kloudfuse/opentelemetry-demo
[Logzio]: https://logz.io/learn/how-to-run-opentelemetry-demo-with-logz-io/
[NewRelic]: https://github.com/newrelic/opentelemetry-demo
[OpenSearch]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/opentelemetry-demo
[Sentry]: https://github.com/getsentry/opentelemetry-demo
[ServiceNowCloudObservability]: https://docs.lightstep.com/otel/quick-start-operator#send-data-from-the-opentelemetry-demo
[Splunk]: https://github.com/signalfx/opentelemetry-demo
[SumoLogic]: https://www.sumologic.com/blog/common-opentelemetry-demo-application/
[TelemetryHub]: https://github.com/TelemetryHub/opentelemetry-demo/tree/telemetryhub-backend
[Teletrace]: https://github.com/teletrace/opentelemetry-demo
[Tracetest]: https://github.com/kubeshop/opentelemetry-demo
[Uptrace]: https://github.com/uptrace/uptrace/tree/master/example/opentelemetry-demo
